Cost 0 :

    Dust Digger :
        Stat : 1/1
        Effect : Generate as much smoke as creature in your graveyard.

    Dust Crawler : 
        Stat 2/1
        Effect : if you have more than 4 creatures in your graveyard, this card can't be blocked.

    Dust Maker : 
        Stat : 1/2
        Effect : Summon a two or less cost Dust Creature from your hand to the battlefield.

Cost 1 :

    Dust Gunner : 
        Stat : 3/2
        Effect : When the Dust Gunner enter into the battlefield each player discard 5 card from the deck to the graveyard.

    Dust SwordMan :
        Stat : 2/2
        Effect : When the SwordMan enter into the battlefield, inflict two damage to a creature, if you have more than 4 creature in your graveyard, 
        inflict 5 instead.

    Dust DarkPriest :
        Stat : 1/1
        Effect : Once per turn, you can sacrifice 1 Dust creature on your battlefield to inflict 5 damage to any entity in the game (player of cards),
        If you have more than 5 creatures in your graveyard heals you for 5.

Cost 2 :

    Dust Warwolf :
        Stat : 3/2 
        Effect : Each time Warwolf attack, each player discard 3 card from the deck to the graveyard.


Cost 3 :

    Dust Sniper :
        Stat : 3/3
        Effect : When the Dust Sniper enters into the battlefield, destroy one card.

    Dust Soldier : 
        Stat : 4/3 
        Effect : When a Dust Creature dies on your battlefield, each player discard one card.

Cost 4 :

    Dust Bruiser :
        Stat : 5/4 
        Effect : When the Dust Bruiser enters into the battlefield, target an ennemy, inflict as much damage as creature in your graveyard.

Cost 5 :

    Dust Runner :
        Stat : 3/4
        Effect : can attack directly your opponent.
    
    Dust Witcher :
        Stat : 2/2 
        Effect : Each time an ennemy creature dies, Dust Witcher can summon a creature from your graveyard to your battlefield, Your opponent have to have 
        2 creature or more to apply this effect.

Cost 8 : 

    Dust Master :
        Stat : 0/1
        Effect : Each time a Dust Creature go to the graveyard, Dust Master has +2/+1

